c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\MarcoPolo.Landing.dll
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\MarcoPolo.Landing.pdb
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\obj\Debug\MarcoPolo.Landing.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\obj\Debug\MarcoPolo.Landing.dll
c:\users\andrey\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\obj\Debug\MarcoPolo.Landing.pdb
C:\Users\Andrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Andrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Andrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Andrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MarcoPolo.Landing\MarcoPolo.Landing\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
